Payment Library Initial Implementation (#1)
utopia-php/pay: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing

> 

Reviewer: We might want to also add a short tutorial on how to add a new adapter like we have in other libraries.

Author: I don't see it in other libraries. Can you point me to one?

We would ❤️ for you to contribute to Utopia-php and help make it better! We want contributing to Utopia-php to be fun, enjoyable, and educational for anyone and everyone. All contributions are welcome, including issues, new docs as well as updates and tweaks, blog posts, workshops, and more.

## How to Start?

> If you are worried or don’t know where to start, check out our next section explaining what kind of help we could use and where can you get involved. You can reach out with questions to [Eldad Fux (@eldadfux)](https://twitter.com/eldadfux) or anyone from the [Appwrite team on Discord](https://discord.gg/GSeTUeA). You can also submit an issue, and a maintainer can guide you!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are worried or don’t know where to start, check out our next section explaining what kind of help we could use and where can you get involved. You can reach out with questions to [Eldad Fux (@eldadfux)](https://twitter.com/eldadfux) or anyone from the [Appwrite team on Discord](https://appwrite.io/discord). You can also submit an issue, and a maintainer can guide you!
```
